0 "2.4	Taxes.   Client shall pay for all taxes in connection with this Agreement including, but not limited to, sales, use, excise, value-added, goods and services, consumption, and other similar taxes or duties. Should any payment for Services, products or technology provided by Accenture be subject to withholding tax by any government, Client shall reimburse Accenture for such withholding tax.  The abovementioned withholding tax does not cover any tax that Client is required by law to withhold for making advance payment of Accenture's income tax, and where Client makes such withholding, Client shall promptly deliver to Accenture the payment receipts for all such withholding.  If work for the Client requires that personnel perform Services outside the city, state, province, or country in which such personnel are based, Client shall reimburse Accenture for increased tax costs incurred by Accenture personnel and/or Accenture as a result of providing such Services.  These costs include, but are not limited to, (i) additional income taxes, (ii) social taxes, (iii) employment taxes, (iv) housing, (v) cost of living adjustments, (vi) other assignment related costs, and (vii) professional fees incurred for additional home country income tax compliance and foreign tax return preparation.  Client agrees to reimburse and hold Accenture harmless from any deficiency (including penalties and interest) relating to taxes that are the responsibility of Client under this paragraph.  Each party shall be responsible for taxes based on its own net income, employment taxes of its own employees, and for taxes on any property it owns or leases.   For purposes of this Agreement, taxes shall include taxes incurred on transactions between and among Accenture, its affiliates and third party subcontractors."
1 "1.3	Third Party Products.  Accenture and/or its Affiliates may provide third party products subject to third party terms, such as hardware or software, if specified and in accordance with the applicable Appendix. Unless expressly stated the Services do not include the provision of third party products, nor address any legal or regulatory issues concerning the Client’s operations or use of the Deliverables, nor guarantee any matter unless expressly stated herein. An “Affiliate” of a party means any entity, whether incorporated or not, that is controlled by, controls, or is under common control with such party.  “Control” means the ability, whether directly or indirectly, to direct the affairs of another by means of ownership, contract or otherwise."
2 "9.1	Limitation of Liability.  The sole liability of Accenture and any of its Affiliates (whether in contract, tort, negligence, strict liability in tort, by statute or otherwise) for any and all claims in any manner related to this Agreement, including the Deliverables or Services, will be the payment of direct damages, not to exceed (in the aggregate) 200% of the fees received by Accenture with respect to the Services or Deliverables involved under this Agreement.  Except for the specific remedies expressly identified as such in this Agreement, Client’s exclusive remedy for any claim arising out of this Agreement or any applicable Appendix will be for Accenture, upon receipt of written notice, to use commercially reasonable efforts to cure the breach at its expense, or failing that, to return the fees paid to Accenture for the Services or Deliverables related to the breach."
3 "10.4	Survival.  This Agreement is for such duration as necessary to complete the Services unless terminated earlier in accordance with this Agreement.    The provisions on payment, intellectual property rights, confidentiality, warranty, limitation of liability, non-solicitation, governing law, dispute resolution and other provisions which are, by their nature intended to survive the expiration or termination of this Agreement will survive such expiration or termination."
